:warning: Set Machine phase to provisioned regardless of infrastructure readiness (#1720)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/providers/v1alpha2-to-v1alpha3.md

    to

    `func NewClusterClient(c client.Client, cluster *clusterv1.Cluster, scheme runtime.Scheme) (client.Client, error)`
    

> ## Machine `Status.Phase` field set to `Provisioned` if a NodeRef is set but infrastructure node is not ready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Machine `Status.Phase` field set to `Provisioned` if a NodeRef is set but infrastructure is not ready
```

>  - The machine Status.Phase is set back to `Provisioned` if the infrastructre node is not reachable after the machine was already running. This is only applicable if the infrastructure node status does not have any errors set.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The machine Status.Phase is set back to `Provisioned` if the infrastructure is not ready. This is only applicable if the infrastructure node status does not have any errors set.  
```
